Here is the raw transcript of the audio provided:

I think we're missing, uh, we're missing a lot of details here, man. The script you just provided me with, man, I do not like this. Let me, let me state why. The water bodies, I want you to talk more like, this is just an example of how it is affecting aquatic life, of how it is affecting, um, like reducing, you're killing our water quality. Like, ask questions like, "Have you seen the river?" I, this is something I'm trying to input percent of emotion into it. "Have you seen the river?" I'm not just reading your script like a bot. Okay? You get what I'm trying to say? Like, there's certain things you have to really put in there.

So, have you seen, uh, the, these—no, not, don't, don't need to ask any question, actually. Just, like, people go to dump, like, waste basically inside rivers and stuff. All water is going to pretty much wash everything up from the street, out from the, from out, from out, from whatever, from, from our neighborhoods into rivers, you understand? And even when they are in our neighborhoods, they cause pools of water that leads to mosquitoes and stuff like that. These mosquitoes are gonna tackle, bite children, and this is gonna make them sick, go to hospitals, cause malaria and many other problems. Um, dumping outside of, uh, like you know, on the street, this is a very, very bad thing.

And I want to add some points. I want you to also say that, especially when it comes to the last script, you say something about like, well, not just—what we are trying to do here is all like, not, well, not just like bringing a way to report, well, not just like providing a way to report this, um, as part of the script, right? We're not just providing a way to report different, um, um, hazard, uh, um, problems, uh, like dumping things on the streets or rivers or neighborhoods or, you know, whatever chemical waste from companies or whatever thing like that. We're not just coming up with ways to report that. We've built a solution, a product as a solution, you know, around it again just to prevent, you know, people from dumping stuff. They can use the app, actually, to, to book for people to come and collect their trash and all their dirt whenever they need these things to be collected. We plan to partner with—make sure that we also plan to partner with people like the KMC who are trash collectors basically. They're going to sign up so we get along with authorities like the KMC, NDA, NEA. At some point, you have to throw that in there, you understand? And this has to be—just look for different points there. Like, it should be deep. You're just like feeding, this is just like random, um, I don't know, and it looks stupid, right? So just like work on it better.

For like, uh, let's see. For the, uh, yeah, and also, okay, obviously we're also going to mention the May 2017, the 2017 May incident, um, Bolong Alpha, that, uh, lagoon turned red blood—they turned blood red, sorry. They turned blood red overnight, fish killed, birds die, die, died off. Like, that was a very, very bad event. I need it to be as long as you want it to be, please, right? I'm going to read fast, I'm a fast reader, do you understand? So you don't need to—see, do you understand? So I'm reading whilst they are showing it. I'm going to read through all 16 to 20 seconds of that segment. So just make it longer, man. Don't just briefly read through everything.

And then for the out of—out, problem three or four. And then on the street problem, let's just talk about talking like malaria failing and like how, you know, it is uncomfortable, and how people end up even burning them. That's going to release more, um, CO2 into the environment, and the best way to go about this thing is to cycle, recycle. That's the best and the choicest way to go about this. It's a journey we have to start from somewhere, clearly. So, it's a journey we have to start from somewhere obviously. And what we really want to reduce is burning it. So what we have to do is, um, first have to set up, set up that collection basically, because of global warming. And other things like that—open burning, global warming, talk about it, like, talk about how this is a problem, and like estuaries that receive around 4 to 600 tons of—like all these things are already there, add them, they are supposed to be there, but, understand, enhance it and add more details to it basically. Rather than just open it up and just saying like one line, one sentence and close it back again, that doesn't make sense, do you understand? So I'm going to talk about it.

Ah, and you know, the Niambia and the, uh, the Kaba, Kabafita, they dumped inside our forest. Yeah, so basically last December, multiple agency cleanup, so basically pulled illegal dumps out of the Niambia and, uh, Aba, Kabafita, uh, forest where water catchment were protecting ten communities. Water catchment were protecting ten communities, the foot, the cuttons that graze, the grazing. Just add more details basically. And land, the families striving, the children, just make it longer. Do that. You have all the details. There are so many things I have said before that I forgot, so just, you know, look for things to throw in there, you know, make it sort of a story. Cool.