Here is the raw transcript of the audio:

So I want to create a fixed motion video. So I think what we're going to have... more like a video, but we're going to do everything entirely with code. We're going to have um, different animations to show how the application works, basically. And it should look like, you know, an actual graphics animation video that was maybe done in After Effects or something cool like that.

But this is going to be a presentation style, so it's going to be 10 minutes. 10 minutes. So basically we're going to outline... I think around five different steps and probably have like... 10 different steps. And we have 12 seconds to talk about each of them. 10 different steps, have 12 seconds to talk about all of them.

The reason is that it captures attention and you can see... there's a presentation... 10 minutes.

Um, the way it should work is that the first three minutes, we're going to talk about the problem itself. And I think I've highlighted a bunch of cool stuff that... let's see where the video is to... to speak about the problem. Where we have some stats, we have some things, we have some um... some things saying why this problem is very, very, very... is a very big problem. And um, explain um, how it affects... affects communities and families and how people suffer because of this. And um, large corporations basically dumping their wastes in our environment and how this takes just like some sort of shape or... some sort of shape. I recently agreed to...

We're going to talk about this problem for three minutes. And then the next two minutes, we're going to talk about um, you know, it's just going to be the animation. That's what you understand. We're going to use 12 seconds per slide. And this animation is going to be like, you understand, all the different features. Like we're going to highlight 10 different um... um features, animated features right. So you're going to like animate a bunch of UI components, like map components. You're going to use a lot of icons, a lot of resources, you can get SVGs, create them from scratch. And then you're going to like map out different things as well. So like mapping, for example, animating moving from one point to another. Just actually like create like a nice map, use Framer Motion as well to create a lot of cool animations, text animations, like pop-ups and like, you understand, um... pop-up animations. And, you know, cool effects as well that will make it look like, you know, it was an After Effects thing. Really cool.

The start of the presentation is going to look like um... yeah, the first three minutes. I'll send you the content of the first three minutes, basically. And the second three minutes... The first three minutes would pretty much just like contain a bunch of... we'll basically condense a lot of the things that we are supposed to say, you know, there. And then there will be video playbacks in the background. And we'll to... I don't know how we'll handle that exactly, but I'll focus on this two minutes that we... that we are supposed to talk about.

That two-minute animated demo is what I'm really trying to tackle here. As like the main... that's one of the most important parts of the entire... download it to like an actual technical walkthrough of the platform itself. And um...

Cuz the whole thing is 10 minutes. And the last five minutes would basically be like an actual live um, demo where we are going to mirror um, both screens. The two different phones we're going to be using um, on the screen and then show them how it's going to be used in real-time. I think that's um... that's um going to be the cool part.

What we basically need to do here... we make it easy for them to...

Yeah, so really, really think. And also reporting it down straight into... I need an image of this uh... thing happening, um, laid out on the screen. And then you can add some sort of like a screenshot effect, and then um, you'll see it reduce the image. After the screenshot effect, you can like reduce the size. You'll now like create like a drag and drop... drag and drop effect into the UI component. Like, you can take a snapshot of the actual mobile UI where you're... where you're making this report. You now add like a type effect, you know, typing the actual problem, and then, you understand... typing the actual problem, and then... sending the report to KFC.

The example we're basically going to use... I'm going to send you a little KFC logo as well. So those are the examples we're pretty much going to use. So I want you to create like a... you understand... some like a 10-step thing where you extract different... just dig into the different parts of this UI and then create it inside of the /demo route. That's where you're going to create this animated thing, basically. Um, inside of this /demo route, just go crazy, create the most beautiful things I could possibly come up with.