Here is the raw transcript of the audio:

00:00
"Amazing, great job. Now I want you to come up with a script for the entire presentation. I'm thinking something like, you understand, these are just some keywords and some things I really want to throw in, understand, during the presentation, you know, to make it real."

00:13
"Um, we need to go all the way to the first, uh... to the first act."

00:28
"We need to go all the way to the first act. Uh... that's the very, very first part where we have like the, uh, children working in the Gambia."

00:41
"Um, here it should just be like, you know, a- a- a- just like a little script and things I'm going to say for every single scene. And, um..."

00:53
"Say here, yeah, where they have like the 73 million in, ah, in 18 hours, I would like want to read out the stats and stuff like that. And then... yeah, I want to read the story in May 2017. But not too long, you understand, because it should be three minutes in total. So the first ten scenes have to play in three minutes."

01:14
"It's like 30 seconds per... Oh shit, that's not three minutes. [laughs] That's easily like 180 seconds, so like 18 seconds per, per, per scene."

(Silence/Clicking)

02:00
"And it lands on this same family twice, basically. Once, children. So basically give me like a script for every single, um... Nene's story."

02:12
"So, like, you know, just like naturally saying, 'This is Nene,' uh, da, da, da, da, da. And you say something along the lines of like, 'I personally don't believe that a child should, um, should start working before getting any basic education.'"

(Silence)

02:40
"You know, talk about how Nene's story really inspires us."

(Silence)

02:53
"And, um, scene eight, I'm pretty much just going to like read out their names and like the following statement."

03:00
"And like how we want to turn this into an industry, you understand, like... I want them to be able to collect, um... just want the things I really wanted to discuss."

(Silence/Mumbling)

05:10
"And we also talk about like the way industrially... this is how industries pretty much happen. We first have to... you know..."

05:23
"Mention that this is how also industries come up, like. We first have to, um, we have to start from somewhere, we can't talk about recycling like waste and doing all this stuff about like producing or plastic littering or whatever everywhere, mainly recycling without actually having a system where we are able to collect the trash um, effectively in the first place and properly."

05:48
"Then we can then come up with like sort of sorting these out for different types of trash... just to recycle them. And before we even talk about all those steps, the technologies and like applying them, we first have to start with building a basic system that works, that will make it easy for us to, um..."

(Silence/Clicking)

07:37
"Yo, there were also some things I said earlier that I have really forgotten, especially, yeah, so please just help me get those back. It was really pretty very much deep stuff, so let's get right into this."