Here is the raw transcript combined into a seamless text, with the timestamps and your prompt instructions removed:

Honestly great job I'm very very impressed. The the the the thing we're trying to go with here and I I I noticed how like the storyline sort of a bent a bit like we're trying to this is beautiful yeah I love what you've done here. But what we are trying to do is that we are trying to highlight three specific errors, strictly specific problems. The first problem is basically people dumping waste basically in water bodies, you understand. The first one is people dumping waste in water bodies that basically you understand causes a ton of problems. The second one is people dumping waste on our roads and our streets and our neighborhoods and like really ruining um um basically the atmosphere, air pollution, you understand that's the second problem. The third problem is pretty much people burning these things, basically in public like the smoke filling everywhere and the fourth one is like for example is basically the ones that we currently have here. So that'll pretty much be like you know um um um um children you know having to walk at this dump sites and like Nene's story is for example you we can create an actual industry out of this. It's we're going to ensure that the whole thing is going to be regulated properly. People like Nene and the and and even her family and her mother would be able to you know sorry people like Nene's family would be able to make a proper living and business out of this. We'll have a chance, a shot at actually making a decent living from it. Because it's going to be very structured and organized, the way we are going to go about this and execute it. That's why it's very important.

Actually there are also the the the people dumping waste in water bodies basically like our rivers, River Gambia, the issue of uh I think where the river had to turn had to change colors because of uh I think these fishermen um hold up let me see if I can grab that image.

Yeah I think uh Gunjur listen as well.

Okay I think I've had the perfectly.

There's a story just check back this I think I added all of it. There are stories of like fish dumping inside the and I need statistics basically I need numbers basically. I think I'm going to be pasting the uh the stuff from the ones that we got actually. I need numbers, environmental impact of water contamination, soil pollution, air quality, ecological impact I need you to really talk about some of this so I need data gaps and stuff like that as well. So talk about that and talk about people dumping in forest areas. I think we if we have the the Gunjur river thing um let me get you the people dumping in the

people dumping in the forest and that would affect wildlife like that is something that we need to highlight. Dumping in the forest definitely affects wildlife in a very very very bad way. So we need to really uh

So I'm going to get you some of the images and show you like really how bad this is like it's it's terrible. It is awful basically so if we have uh from this also we could also create sort of a a recycling uh industry like all this industries give that to the industries like that's the way our civilization is built. So from this if we're able to basically create a system of people that are willing to collect different trash then we can come up with like a trash sorting system where we'd you know make sure that uh that some of these materials are a are recy... or a lot of them actually would be recycled you can output that and create stuff out of them basically but if we don't have a system that effectively collects trash to prevent um littering, pollution and um and fly tipping it's yeah we can't really talk about starting recycling companies if if there is no way to collect them or there is no effective way to collect them. So that's why I think this is very very very very important.