Here is the raw transcript of the audio, including the pauses, filler words, and self-corrections:

For the first three minutes of this presentation, I think the part that we're going to really deal with is, we're going to talk about it at some different levels. The first thing we're going to look at, I think we should try to address would be the problem itself. So we're going to talk about, like, hitting on, um, wide scale essence.

So, um, just the problem where people are dumping things on, in water bodies and the street, and how that affects sort of like a, wildlife quality, how it, um, sorry it's aquatic life physically affects the anomalies. People that live near these places have very poor air quality. You know, it's very, very nasty. In areas where like the water parks, it's going to cause a pool of water, malaria. And then obviously, we're going to, yeah...

They gather these things and burn them. Like, you know, um, smoke can really affect the indices, cases where people cannot even close, just, cancel it... close their windows, just cross the road, burning stuff outside of their houses.

The goal here is to...

The goal here is to...

The goal here is to, sort of, just talk about these different incidents. And I know when we talk about those things, in doing the first, you could bring the statistics, we talk about you know that, um, the waste, our chemical waste from some of the companies that, there is in our case study. We'd also talk about, um...

That could be the first two minutes. The last minute we can talk about, um, the dump site and children being used at the dump site. And burning at this particular dump site and how like they suffer from, you know, like lung irritation, skin irritation, and, you know, how bad it is for their health. And you know, burning at these places, or like illegal scavengers going there, as children. You know, schools around the area suffering from the burn effects from, from these places as well.

I'll just copy this on paper.

So we're going to sort of organize... the first three minutes of this is basically how it goes.